hey guys it's on this year from
Cataclysm Explorer and today I'm going
to show you how to get a ninja Mage
Armor which is really easy to get and it
is really good really enchantments and
looks really good as you can see yeah
and the first you have you got to go to
windhelm you can travel yeah and then
you've got a take right as soon as you
enter then left and just straight
forward and open the door on the left
inside there will be a kid go lemon to
Sorrentino which will give you a quest
to kill a gorilla the kind in Riften in
northern edge just kill her
and you'll complete the quest by going
back to aventure Sorrentino in inhale
and when you have done that you get to
go to Whiterun or any other city just go
straight into the house the first house
do you see go out again and they will
appear a courier people give you a note
from a guy but he won't tell who like a
creepy fellow black robe and yeah so you
just read it you read the note from the
books this is called mysterious notes
and is you use a black hand we know
after that you just go rest
at any bed and you'll wake up in a weird
creepy place it's all blurry
the first thing you'll see is this girl
on a bookshelf called Astrid which will
talk to you and say that you stole her
kill because they're from the Dark
Brotherhood then she will tell you to
kill one of these three but just kill
them all
after you've killed him go talk to
astrid again she will invite you to the
Dark Brotherhood which is right there on
the map
and you have to travel to fall grief
from Whiterun stables
yeah so just travel too far great twenty
gold fifty gold I mean sorry and as soon
as she there just follow the path and
it's right under the path so it's like
hidden and just activate and it will
tell you what is the music of life and
you just say silence my brother you
enter the Dark Brotherhood sanctuary and
you talk to Astrid in there
she will tell you to start a new life in
the Dark Brotherhood and you're a part
of the family and after that you will
get the armor the Dark Brotherhood which
is like more of a or not anonymity armor
but it's that's a really nice armor as
well what you do now to get the
midsummer is go to the book shop just
right to where Astrid was just and take
all the clothes that is in it and and
when you've done that just put them on
and you can see that it is the ninja
match armor that I was showing you in
the beginning looks really really nice
and you get to shrouded colors as well
which is which gives you a 20%
bow bonus but yeah just they're all
really nice and chanted and yes you can
see it looks really nice and it is
really easy to get it it might take a
little a long time but it's worth it so
yeah guys that was all for today
just remember to subscribe rate and
comment this video and I will get more
guides - bye